you
bass curry is a band that stands for
genuine tea it stands for energy and
basically it's a punk band when it comes
to the attitude
wanders down in a one horse
bass curry is Greta Stella and soon Eva
bone dicin three sisters born in the
outskirts of Stockholm with deep roots
in the northern parts of Sweden this
three-part Orchestra creates their sound
with distorted slide banjo acoustic
guitar and slap driven upright bass the
first full-length album presents bass
Cory's original music and was recorded
live at decibel studios
if you wanna break
well we record the album live in the
studio on an actual stage we build a
stage in the studio it's very closely
you should see and because that's how we
do it you know we're a live band so we
like to do it live to get the action and
everything
no its hapless stay so my
yeah spoken word was one of the first
songs that I wrote for this album and it
was for me pretty necessary to ride
because it was a lot of things I thought
about that time
buy a piece of land
go get yourself a dog why should you yes
I tell you
it's just the three of us the girls and
we decided to not use the drummer at all
and but then we started missing the
drums when we play so I kind of started
out with a cake and a snare and a
tambourine that I play with my feet at
the same time that I use the banjo and
the vocals that I do
Oh
the music is pretty pretty tough and
pretty raw but the basic is still old
good music and traditional music by
country blues rock and roll and that's
where we come from and our influences
come from that
ah